In the New York Times on Sunday May 9th in the week in review
section there was a report of a group called Space Marketing
in Atlanta, Georgia who is planning to put up a one mile wide
reflective Earth orbiting satelite which will appear as large
and as bright as the Moon and carry some sort of advertising.
There was an editorial about this in the Times the following
Tuesday.
Are others as upset about this as I am I feel that a global
boycott of anyone involved with such a project would be a good
idea. Perhaps it could be made illegal in various countries
around the world Do others agree
david
Relevant messages found on the net:
If you don't want to see Space Marketing put up orbiting billboards, write
them, or call them, and tell them so. You might also write your
congresspeople. Space Marketing can be reached at:
Attn: Mike Lawson
Public Relations Dept.
Space Marketing
1495 Atmbree Rd., Suite 600
Rosewell, GA 30076
404 442 9682
Peter Webb
Hibbitt, Karlsson Sorensen, Inc. Voice: 401 727 4200
1080 Main St, Pawtucket RI 02860 FAX: 401 727 4208
Alternatively, you could try to find out who their clients
will be and tell them how you feel.
Dave Crawford , Executive Director of the
International Dark Sky Association IDA , sent me information on where
you can write in regards to the proposed Billboards in the Sky and
asked me to post it:
Karen Brown
Center for the Study of Commercialism
1875 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300
Washington, D.C. 20009 5728
U.S.A.
Please note that I have no involvement whatsoever with the CSC.
Larry Klaes
or . decwrl verga.enet.dec.com klaes
or klaes%
or klaes%
All the Universe, or nothing H. G. Wells
EJASA Editor, Astronomical Society of the Atlantic
X Newsreader: TIN version 1.1 PL8
X Posted From: algol.jsc.nasa.gov
That's roughly akin to saying let's let Anaconda strip mine
the Grand Canyon so that strip mining can boldly go where no
strip mining technology has gone before . because after all,
mining means profits, and profits mean technological advance
ment, and technogical advancement means prosperity, and pros
perity means happiness, and so to hell with the Grand Canyon .
Space advertisement in LOW Earth Orbit is very short term on the
order of a few years before the orbit decays. Higher orbits last
longer. Advertisers will certainly be aware of the environmental
aspects of their advertising. Fred's argument is roughly akin to
saying that it's bad to cut down trees, so we shouldn't advertise in
newspapers. Think that through, Fred.
Picture this: Our space billboard is a LARGE inflatable structure,
filled with bio degradable foam instead of gas. It scoops up space
debris as it orbits, thus CLEANING the space environment and bringing
you The Pause That Refreshes at the same time. Because of the large
drag coefficient, it will de orbit safely burning up within a
year.
Embedded in the foam structure is a small re entry vehicle, which does
not burn up during entry. It contains the electronics and propulsion
system which may be refurbished and re used as well as space science
experiments proposed and built by high school students in
advertiser sponsored science fairs.
Advertisers buy time on the billboard, whose surface is made up of
tiny mirrors controlled by the avionics package. The avionics can
reconfigure the mirrors to reflect different messages at different
parts of the globe. Clever programming allows different languages
to every country.
During orbital night, the mirrors turn perpendicular to the surface,
and small lights are revealed. The lights spell out messages for all
to see.
Ken Jenks, NASA JSC GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
713 483 4368
HERE MEN FROM THE PLANET EARTH
FIRST SET FOOT UPON THE MOON
JULY 1969, A.D.
WE CAME IN PEACE FOR ALL MANKIND.