SIGKIDS CALL FOR PARTICIPATION
SIGKids Research Showcase is where learning is hip. Pushing the edge in
education, computer graphics, and new technologies, the SIGKids Research
Showcase will provide SIGGRAPH's attendees with the latest in applying
computer technology to form state of the art educational experiences. So
hop to it Submit any works which converge the disciplines of education
and computer technology.
Possible categories and domains include but are NOT LIMITED to:
Interactive stand alone applications
Self Run demonstrations and tutorials
Museum Installations
Groupware Collaborative systems
Hypermedia
Virtual Reality
Scientific Visualization
Interactive Art
Microworlds
Deadlines:
May 21, 1993 submissions due
Submit to:
Diane Schwartz
SIGGRAPH '93 SIGKids Committee
c o The Institute for the Learning Sciences
1890 Maple Avenue, Suite 150
Evanston, Illinois 60201
Electronic Submission Form:
How to Submit:
1. Fill out the 'Permission to Use' form see page 19 of the SIGGRAPH '93
Call for Participation or send email to to have one
faxed to you.
2. Fill out the SIGKids '93 Research Showcase Submission Form below .
3. Send an abstract description of the submission approximately 100 words
in one of the following ways:
A. Send 3 hard copies to Diane Schwartz via surface mail at the above
address
B. Fax 1 copy to Diane Schwartz at 708 491 5258
C. Email 1 copy to Diane Schwartz at
4. If it is necessary to explain the project, additional support material
such as videotapes and slides that will assist the selection committee in
reaching a decision are highly reccommended.
Fax and email submissions are acceptable.
PLEASE SEND ALL OF YOUR SUBMISSION MATERIAL IN THE SAME FORM either
surface mail, email, or fax. The only exception to this should be the
additional support material which should only be sent via surface mail .
NOTE: Due to our very limited budget, if the submitter chooses to have a
dedicated machine for their work, they will have to pay rental fees
for the hardware personally.
NOTE: Contributors outside for the United States should be aware of customs
and carrier delays and send submissions early.
cut
here
ACM SIGGRAPH '93 SIGKIDS RESEARCH SHOWCASE ENTRY FORM
A copy of this form must accompany each proposal you submit. Send SIGKids
Research Showcase Entries to:
Diane Schwartz
SIGGRAPH '93 SIGKids Committee
c o The Institute for the Learning Sciences
1890 Maple Avenue, Suite 150
Evanston, Illinois 60201
Please print legibly.
Contact Information:
Name
Company
Address
City
State Postal code Country
Daytime phone Evening phone
Fax Email
Additional Information:
Title or Theme of Piece
Participant s' name s
Collaborator s' name s
Hardware platform and periferals :
1. What is
needed:
2. Supplied by Participant:
Yes No
3. Dedicated machine
Yes No
NOTE: Due to our very limited budget the participant must pay the rental
fees for any dedicated hardware.
Need assistance
specify
Software
Statement Please tell us the significance of the work.
less than 50 words
Medium:
Other describe i.e. virtual reality, virtual sculpture, interactive
multimedia installation,
etc.
Special Requirements:
Physical
description
Power
Dimensions
Other
Authorization
Permission to use visual and audio: In the event that materials used in my
ACM SIGGRAPH'93 SIGKids Research Showcase Entry contain the work of other
individuals or organizations including any copyrighted musical
compositions or excerpts thereof , I understand that it is my
responsibility to secure any necessary permissions and or liscenses.
Yes No My piece contains images, audio, or video components.
If yes:
Yes No I have the necessary rights and or permissions
use the images, audio, or video components in
piece.
Conference presentation release: By signing this form, I grant SIGGRAPH'93
permission to consider my piece for the SIGKids Research Showcase. I
maintain the copyright to my work and will receive full credit wherever
this work is used.
Conference promotional material: I grant ACM SIGGRAPH the right to use my
slides for conference and organization publicity, both now and in the
future. This includes usage on posters, brochures, catalogs, promotional
items, or media broadcast. In exchange, SIGGRAPH provides full
author artist credit information on all promotional material.
Yes No I grant ACM SIGGRAPH permission to use slides of my work
for conference and organization publicity.
Signature Date
ACM SIGGRAPH makes every attempt to respect and protect intellectual
property rights of people and organizations preparing material for
SIGGRAPH conferences. This entry form explains the uses SIGGRAPH will
make of the material and requires you to acknowledge that you have
permission to use this material. This may involve seeking clearance from
your employer or from others who have loaned you material, such as
videotapes and slides. This form helps prevent situations whereby
SIGGRAPH'93 presentations include material without permission that
might lead to complaints or even legal action.
This form also asks you to grant SIGGRAPH the right to distribute your
work, while you maintain the copyright. Slide sets and catalogs are
publications for which you grant SIGGRAPH nonexclusive worldwide
distribution rights. SIGGRAPH marks each item in these publications with a
proper copyright notice, which informs viewers that these items may not be
copied, reproduced, broadcast, or used for commercial purposes without the
explicit permission of the indivicual copyright owners. In addition, this
form asks if ACM SIGGRAPH may use the your materials for conference and
organizational promotional material in exchange for full author artist
credit information.