Invitation to the 8th SCIA
The 8th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis will be
arranged by the Norwegian Society for Image Processing and
Pattern Recognition NOBIM and sponsored by the International
Association for Pattern Recognition IAPR . The conference
will be held in Tromsoe from 25th 28th May 1993. Tromsoe,
located at latitude 69 degrees N, is Northern Norway's centre
for administration and education.
About the Programme
The scientific programme runs over four days and includes
6 invited speakers, 29 sessions in three parallel tracks
with 127 contributed papers and 4 poster sessions with 44
contributions. The conference covers the following topics:
Image Processing and Analysis
Pattern Recognition
Computer Vision
Parallel Algorithms and Architectures
Neural Nets
Matching Methods
Image Compression
Remote Sensing
Medical and Biological Applications
Industrial Applications
Conference Language
The official language of the conference is English.
Invited Talks and Speakers
Segmentation of Range Images Via Data
Fusion and Morphological Watersheds.
Professor Ralph Gonzalez
University of Tennessee, Knoxville
Object Recognition Using Range Images.
Professor Anil K. Jain
Michigan State University
Experiments in Mobile Robot Navigation and Range Imaging.
Dr. Judd Jones
Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Image Compression.
Professor Tor Ramstad
University of Trondheim
Combining Evidence in Dictionary
Based Probabilistic Relaxation.
Professor J. Kittler
University of Surrey
Matching Methods.
Professor A. Sanfeliu
Polytechnic University of Catalonia
Workshop
In connection with the conference, a workshop on contextual
methods in pattern recognition will be arranged on monday
24th by IAPR TC1. For further information concerning the
workshop contact
Torfinn Taxt, Chairman TC1,
Univ. of Bergen,
N 5000 Bergen,
Norway.
E mail:
Registration Information
The registration fee is 4000 NOK. The fee covers proceedings, entrance
to all oral and poster sessions, exhibition, lunches and coffee
breaks, get together party, reception and banquet. Fees for
accompanying persons are presented in the registration form.
All payments must be made payable in Norwegian Kroner NOK
by SWIFT to XIANNOKKTRM or Bank Giro Service at Bank Account:
6420 05 13353, SAS Conference FORUT , Christiania Bank og
Kreditkasse Private cheques will not be accepted. or by the
following credit cards: VISA, Mastercard, Eurocard, Diners,
Access, American Express.
Please note: For payment with SWIFT and Bank Giro Service made
from abroad, please add banking fee of NOK 60, .
Please remember to state 8SCIA and your name on all money
transfers
Registration and Information
The Conference Secretariat will be available all four days of
the conference for registration and information
May 24th, 1600:2000, in the SAS Hotel.
May 25th 28th, at the University.
Exhibition
An exhibition of relevant literature will be arranged.
Publishers are invited to exhibit their products. A visit
to local companies and institutions involved in the field
mostly remote sensing will be arranged.
Accommodation
Reservation for hotel accommodation can be made on the
registration form. The 8SCIA Conference Secretariat at
SAS Luftreisebyraa, att. Bodil Lauritsen, will provide
hotel accommodation for the participants.
Social Events
Monday, May 24th:
Get together party. included in the conference fee for
delegates, NOK 150, for accompanying persons
Tuesday, May 25th
Fishing trip. The tour will last for 5 6 hours and hopefully
the midnight sun will visit us. On board the boat there will
be music, food and drink by choice. We bring fishing rods and
it will be possible to have our own fish prepared on board.
NOK 400,
Spouse programme: Visit by cable car to Storsteinen 420 meters
above sea level, visit to the Arctic Cathedral, and visit to
Tromsoe Museum. NOK 205,
Wednesday, May 26th
Due to the cancellation of the Svalbard flight we will arrange
a visit to the Beerhall . NOK 350, including beer and food.
Spouse programme: Visit to a fishfarm in the surroundings of
Tromsoe. NOK 170,
Thursday, May 27th
Banquet. Included in the conference fee for delegates,
accompanying persons NOK 500,
Spouse programme: Visit to the Northern Lights Planetarium and
the Polar Museum. NOK 180,
The spouse programs need a minimum of 15 participants to be
arranged.
Post conference tours with visit to Lyngen or Finnmark and
Norh Cape will also be arranged. For more information about
the social program and the post conference tours see the
registration form and information included with the
registration form.
Weather and Dress
The weather in Tromsoe in late May can be everything from
24 hour sunshine with a maximum temperature of 20 degrees Celsius
to snowstorms with temperatures below freezing. It is
therefore recommended to bring some warmer clothes.
Local Information
The population is approximately 50 000. In Tromsoe you can take
part in many activities from mountaineering in the midnight
sun to late night fun in international restaurants and bars.
An afternoon local beer in the Beerhall of the world's
northernmost brewery is also recommended.
The 8th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis 8SCIA will
be held at the university campus at the world's northernmost
university. There will be conference buses going to the campus
from within walking distances of all the hotels. More detailed
information about the locations and transport will be available
at the conference hotels.
Travel Information
Tromsoe Airport at Langnes is only 7 8 minutes drive from the
centre of Tromsoe. The travelling distance from Oslo is 1 hr
40 minutes. SAS Conference Support Tromsoe offers airticket
services for the conference. In addition to all standard terms
full and reduced fare tickets from Europe and overseas,
reduced fares require that you stay in Scandinavia the night
between Saturday and Sunday , we can offer additional conference
fares for SAS flights from SAS destinations within Scandinavia,
and reduced fares on Norwegian domestic flights. If you want to
make use of this service please contact Bodil Lauritsen at the
Conference Secretariat.
Conference Secretariat
SAS Luftreisebyraa Tromsoe
Att.: Bodil Lauritsen
P. O Box 437
N 9001 Tromsoe
Norway
Note that reduced airticket fares can not be obtained on flights to
Scandinavia if you don't stay the night between Saturday and Sunday
in front of or after the conference . On the other hand you don't have
to stay that night in Tromso to obtain reduced fares within Scandinavia
SAS flights .