In article ,
I have been convinced of the right of AMericans to an effective
self defense, but something strikes me as odd among the
pro RKBA arguments presented here.
The numbers comparing hundreds of thousands indeed, even a
million of instances of law abiding citizens deterring
criminal activity, seem valid to me. Likewise the number
of gun caused homicides each year about 11,000 year . However,
it is surprising that the Evil AntiGun Empire Darth Vader
breathing sound effect here never tries to compare
All legitimate gun defenses vs. All gun crimes. Instead,
it's always All legitimate gun defenses, which includes
cases in which the criminals are shot but not killed, and
cases in which the criminal is not here, vs. just
criminal gun homicides, which only includes case sin which
the victim died.
Why is this Of course, it wouldn't be unreasonable to say
that in each crime already measured involving guns , the
consequnces are already known and it is safe to assume that
a gun based bank robbery last week will not suddenly turn
into a gun basd robbery homicide. Whereas in the legitimate
gun defenses, one may assume that all those criminals who
were deterred would have committed more crime or more
serious crimes had they not been deterred.
I think its an attempt to show lives saved v lives lost all other
gun related crimes don't result in lives lost. On the other hand,
its impossible to know how many of the successful self defenses
prevented lives from being lost. In other words, the lives lost
is pretty clear its the homicide and non negligent manslaughter
number , while the lives saved is some percentage of the successful
self defenses. Clearly that percentage doesn't have to be real
high to show that lives saved lives lost.
As a semi related point, check out Kleck's Point Blank . I believe
it goes into some related areas it also is well written and informative.
Case Kim
Michael Phelps, external .
internal . mjp at kgnvmy
and last but not least a disclaimer These opinions are mine.